Add GUI section for Getting Started (#592)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/getting_started/index.md

![Hello World Example](hello_world.svg){width=50%}

The graph involves:

- An input data node named *input_name*.

> - A task, *build_message*, that processes the *input_name* data node and outputs a *message* data node.

Reviewer: Just wondering about the wording.
Do you want to equate tasks and functions?
(I mean: "A task, referring to the function\*build_message()\*, ...")

Author: It is quite the same for me. But I think with your formulation, it also defines what is a task directly

        return f"Hello {name}!"
    
    

>     name_data_node_cfg = Config.configure_data_node(id="name")

Reviewer 2: Nop name is a reserved attribute name. I would revert the change or find another name.

Please run the code to be sure.

Author: Oh true, I put name as it is a bit simpler and also corresponds to the DAG of the Getting Started

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Gui

page = """
Name: <|{name}|input|>
<|submit|button|on_action=submit_scenario|>

Message: <|{message}|text|>
"""

name = "Taipy"
message = None

def submit_scenario(state):
    state.scenario.name.write(state.name)
    state.scenario.submit(wait=True)
    state.message = scenario.message.read()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    Core().run()
    scenario = tp.create_scenario(scenario_cfg)
    Gui(page).run()
```

To get the complete example, including the user interface code, download it here:
<a href="./hello_world.py" download>`hello_world.py`</a>

Now, let’s explain the key elements of this code:

```python
from taipy import Gui
import taipy as tp

page = """
Name: <|{name}|input|>
<|submit|button|on_action=submit_scenario|>
Message: <|{message}|text|>
"""
```

- The `page` variable is a Markdown representation of the user interface. It uses standard Markdown syntax as well as visual elements.

> - A Taipy visual element is of the form of `<|{variable}|visual_element_type|...|>`. Taipy has a lot of visual elements to play with, which interact with your Python variables and environment. `{variable}` is the main property of the visual element and is usually what is displayed or modified through the visual element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A Taipy visual element is of the form of `<|{variable}|visual_element_type|...|>`. Taipy offers various visual elements that can interact with your Python variables and environment. The main feature of these visual elements is typically the `{variable}`, which is what they display or change.
```

- For instance, `{name}` is bound to an input and text field, allowing the user’s input to be directly stored in the `name` variable.

> - Similarly, the `message` variable is bound to a text field, making it possible to display dynamic content to the user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the same way, the `message` variable is connected to a text field, allowing you to display changing content to the user.
```

#### Interactivity Through Actions

- Actions, like `on_action=submit_scenario`, allow visual elements like buttons to trigger specific functions, enhancing the interactivity of the application.

```python
def submit_scenario(state):
    scenario.name.write(state.name)
    scenario.submit()
    state.message = scenario.message.read()
```

> Every callback, including `submit_scenario`, utilizes `state` as the first parameter. The `state` represents a user connection and is used to read and assign runtime variables for a specific user. It enables Taipy to be easily multi-user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In every callback, like `submit_scenario`, the first thing it uses is `state`. This state stands for a user's connection 
and helps read and set variables while the user is interacting with the program. 
This makes it simple for Taipy to handle multiple users at once.
```

Author: I don't really like this formulation.

Reviewer 3: Then let's try: 

"Every callback, including `submit_scenario`, utilizes `state` as the first parameter. This `state` represents a user's connection and is used to read and set variables while the user is interacting with the program. It makes it simple for Taipy to handle multiple users simultaneously."

> While `scenario` remains globally accessible, `state.name` and `state.input` are specific to the user defining it. This architecture ensures that individual user interactions are isolated and managed efficiently while variables like `scenario` are accessed globally.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While `scenario` is available to everyone using the program, `state.name` and `state.input` are unique to the user 
who defines them. This design ensures that each user's actions are separate and efficiently controlled, 
while variables like `scenario` are available to all users.
```

TODO: State illustration

> In the `submit_scenario` function, the `name` on the user interface is written to the scenario. Upon submission, the result is read into the `message` variable, which is then reflected in the UI thanks to the binding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the `submit_scenario` function, the `name` entered by the user on the interface is saved to the scenario. 
After submission, the outcome is retrieved and stored in the `message` variable, which is then shown on the user interface due to the connection between them.
```

```python
if __name__ == "__main__":
    tp.Core().run()
    scenario = tp.create_scenario(scenario_cfg)
    Gui(page).run()
```

> The application's main execution block initializes the Core services, creates a scenario, and launches the GUI, bringing the interactive interface to life.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The main part of the application starts by setting up the Core services, generating a scenario, and starting the GUI, which makes the interactive interface active and functional.
```

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Gui

page = """
Name: <|{name}|input|>
<|submit|button|on_action=submit_scenario|>

Message: <|{message}|text|>
"""

name = "Taipy"
message = None

def submit_scenario(state):

>     state.scenario.name.write(state.name)

Reviewer 2: This raises an error because scenario.name is not a data node but a string.
"name" is a reserved attribute name. you cannot name your data node like that.

In our initial example: 

- *name* is bound to an input and text field, allowing the user’s input to be directly stored in the *name* variable.

- *message* is connected to a text field, allowing you to display changing content to the user.

#### Interactivity Through Actions

Actions, like `on_action=submit_scenario`, allow visual elements like buttons to trigger specific functions, enhancing the interactivity of the application.

```python
def submit_scenario(state):
    scenario.name.write(state.name)
    scenario.submit()
    state.message = scenario.message.read()
```

Every callback, including `submit_scenario`, utilizes state as the first parameter. 
This state represents a user's connection and is used to read and set variables while 
the user is interacting with the program. It makes it simple for Taipy to handle multiple users simultaneously.

While *scenario* is available to everyone using the program, *state.name* and *state.input* are unique to the user 
who defines them. This design ensures that each user's actions are separate and efficiently controlled, 
while variables like *scenario* are global variables.

> TODO: State illustration

Reviewer 2: Do you have an illustration in mind?
Do you plan to add it in this PR or should we create a ticket for that?

Author: I asked Marine to work on it. I don't know if she would have the time to create one quickly so it will maybe be another PR

Message: <|{message}|text|>
"""

input_name = "Taipy"
message = None

def submit_scenario(state):
    state.scenario.input_name.write(state.input_name)
    state.scenario.submit(wait=True)
    state.message = scenario.message.read()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    Core().run()
    scenario = tp.create_scenario(scenario_cfg)
    Gui(page).run()
```

To get the complete example, including the user interface code, download it here:
<a href="./hello_world.py" download>`hello_world.py`</a>

Now, let’s explain the key elements of this code:

```python
from taipy import Gui
import taipy as tp

page = """
Name: <|{input_name}|input|>
<|submit|button|on_action=submit_scenario|>
Message: <|{message}|text|>
"""
```

**Pages**

> Taipy pages can be defined in multiple ways: Markdown, Html or Python. The `page` 

Reviewer: \`page\` -> \*page\*

variable is a Markdown representation of the user interface. 
It uses standard Markdown syntax as well as visual elements.

**Visual elements**

Taipy offers various visual elements that can interact with your Python variables and 
environment. It allows you to display variables, modify them, and interact with the application.

Here is a generic example of one: `<|{variable}|visual_element_type|...|>`. *variable* is 
the main property of the visual element and is usually what is displayed or modified through the visual element.

In our initial example: 

- *input_name* is bound to an input and text field, allowing the user’s input to be directly stored in the *input_name* variable.

- *message* is connected to a text field, allowing you to display changing content to the user.

#### Interactivity Through Actions

Actions, like `on_action=submit_scenario`, allow visual elements like buttons to trigger specific functions, enhancing the interactivity of the application.

```python
def submit_scenario(state):
    scenario.input_name.write(state.input_name)
    scenario.submit()
    state.message = scenario.message.read()
```

> Every callback, including `submit_scenario`, utilizes state as the first parameter. 

Reviewer: \`submit_scenario\` -> \*submit_scenario()\*
"utilizes state as the first parameter." -> "receives a  \`State^\` object as its first parameter.'

This state represents a user's connection and is used to read and set variables while 

> the user is interacting with the program. It makes it simple for Taipy to handle multiple users simultaneously.

Reviewer: "It makes it simple" -> "It makes it possible"

> While *scenario* is available to everyone using the program, *state.input_name* and *state.input* are unique to the user 

Reviewer: "unique to the user who defines them" -> "specific to the user who interacts with them"

who defines them. This design ensures that each user's actions are separate and efficiently controlled, 
while variables like *scenario* are global variables.

TODO: State illustration

> In the `submit_scenario` function, the *input_name* entered by the user on the interface is saved to the scenario. 

Reviewer: \`submit_scenario\` -> \*submit_scenario()\*
